CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

Thanks so much for thinking of contributing to the Human Connection project, we really appreciate it! :-)

We recommend that new folks should ideally work together with an existing developer.  Please join our discord instance to chat with developers or just ask them in tickets in [Zenhub](https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/human-connection-nitro-5c0154ecc699f60fc92cf11f/boards?repos=152252353):

![](https://dl.dropbox.com/s/vbmcihkduy9dhko/Screenshot%202019-01-03%2015.50.11.png?dl=0)

Here are some general notes on our development flow:

### Development 

* Currently operating in two week sprints
* We are using ZenHub to coordinate
  - gives time estimates that we don't currently get from Github alone
  - https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/human-connection-nitro-5c0154ecc699f60fc92cf11f/boards?repos=152252353
  - "upforgrabs" links to github project https://github.com/orgs/Human-Connection/projects/10?card_filter_query=label%3A%22good+first+issue%22
  - ordering on ZenHub not necessarily reflected on github projects

* AgileVentures run open pairing sessions at 10:30am UTC each week on Tuesdays and Thursdays

* Core team
  - all the people who are hired by HC non-profit corporation
  - 9 people
    - 2 core developers (Robert and Frank)
    - 3 marketeers Jasi, Hardy and Sensi
    - Martin head of IT and former data privacy
    - Victor doing accounting
    - Nicolas is the community manager (reviews content in the network) reflects community opinion back to the core team
    
* when can folks pair with Robert
  - 10am UTC until 5pm UTC every working day
  
### Philosophy

We practise collective code ownership rather than total code ownership, which means that:

* anyone can start working on anyone elses code
* we avoid blocking because someone else isn't working on something
* however it's sometimes good to leave something in order to create successful education experience
* everyone should always push their code to branches so others can see it

Everyone feel free to request merges or answers to issues from project manager Robert

But what do we do when waiting for merge into master (wanting to keep PRs small)
  --> Robert recommends creating a pull request for each step
 - programming is also about thinking about other people - empathy for your co-workers
  - but what about when you are waiting for merge?
  - solutions
    - 1) put 2nd PR into branch that the first PR is hitting - but requires update after merging
    - 2) prefer to leave exiting PR until it can be reviewed, and instead go and work on some other part of the codebase that is not impacted by the first PR
    
### Notes

question: when you want to pick a task - (find out priority) - is it in discord? is it in AV slack? --> Robert says you can always ask in discord - group channels are the best

Robert shares: https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/nitro-embed-5c0154ecc699f60fc92cf11f/reports?report=home
Robert says the order of tickets are preserved in ZenHub and so check out the current milestones

Matt - question about who can work on ticket 100 --> Robert - might be exclusive to someone with admin permissions
Robert: notes greg just pushed this today: https://github.com/Human-Connection/Nitro-Deployment

Matt makes point that new stories will have to be taken off the "New Issues" and Robert says that's fine, if you don't like the first one, then you can take the next one.

Robert notes that everyone is invited to join the kickoff meetings

Robert - difference between "important" and "beginner friendly"

Commit message:

Update names and roles, Format Links
@tansaku ping, I think the most important part is that my dear co-workers first name is "Greg" or Grzegorz :slightly_smiling_face: :poland: :de: @appinteractive

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

Thanks so much for thinking of contributing to the Human Connection project, we really appreciate it! :-)

We recommend that new folks should ideally work together with an existing developer.  Please join our discord instance to chat with developers or just ask them in tickets in [Zenhub](https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/human-connection-nitro-5c0154ecc699f60fc92cf11f/boards?repos=152252353):

![](https://dl.dropbox.com/s/vbmcihkduy9dhko/Screenshot%202019-01-03%2015.50.11.png?dl=0)

Here are some general notes on our development flow:

### Development 

* Currently operating in two week sprints
* We are using ZenHub to coordinate
  - estimating time per issue is the crucial feature of [Zenhub](https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/human-connection-nitro-5c0154ecc699f60fc92cf11f) that Github does not have
  - "up-for-grabs" links to [Github project](https://github.com/orgs/Human-Connection/projects/10?card_filter_query=label%3A%22good+first+issue)
  - ordering on ZenHub not necessarily reflected on github projects

* AgileVentures run open pairing sessions at 10:30am UTC each week on Tuesdays and Thursdays

* Core team
  - all the people who are hired by HC non-profit corporation
  - you can Meet-the-team [every two weeks in German](https://human-connection.org/veranstaltungen/) and [every month in English](https://human-connection.org/en/events/).
  - 9 people
    - 2 core developers (Robert [@roschaefer](https://github.com/roschaefer) and Greg [@appinteractive](https://github.com/appinteractive))
    - 3 marketeers Jasi, Dennis and Sensi
    - Hardy doing business development
    - Martin head of IT and previously data protection officer
    - Victor doing accounting and controlling
    - Nicolas is the community manager (reviews content in the network) reflects community opinion back to the core team
    
* when can folks pair with Robert
  - 10am UTC until 5pm UTC every working day
  
### Philosophy

We practise [collective code ownership](http://www.extremeprogramming.org/rules/collective.html) rather than strong code ownership, which means that:

* anyone can start working on anyone elses code
* we avoid blocking because someone else isn't working on something
* however it's sometimes good to leave something in order to create successful education experience
* everyone should always push their code to branches so others can see it

Everyone feel free to request merges or answers to issues from the project managers

But what do we do when waiting for merge into master (wanting to keep PRs small)
  --> Robert recommends creating a pull request for each step
 - programming is also about thinking about other people - empathy for your co-workers
  - but what about when you are waiting for merge?
  - solutions
    - 1) put 2nd PR into branch that the first PR is hitting - but requires update after merging
    - 2) prefer to leave exiting PR until it can be reviewed, and instead go and work on some other part of the codebase that is not impacted by the first PR
    
### Notes

question: when you want to pick a task - (find out priority) - is it in discord? is it in AV slack? --> Robert says you can always ask in discord - group channels are the best

Robert shares: [Zenhub board](https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/nitro-embed-5c0154ecc699f60fc92cf11f/boards?repos=112590397,152252353,152252578,157710732,163305928)
Robert says the order of tickets are preserved in ZenHub and reflect their priority (most important at the top) and so check out the current milestones

Matt - question about who can work on [ticket 100](https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/nitro-embed-5c0154ecc699f60fc92cf11f/issues/human-connection/human-connection/100) --> Robert - in rare occasions it might be exclusive to someone with admin permissions
Robert: notes greg just pushed this today: https://github.com/Human-Connection/Nitro-Deployment

Matt makes point that new stories will have to be taken off the "New Issues" and Robert says that's fine, if you don't like the first one, then you can take the next one. Volunteeers have no commitment except their own self development and their awesomeness by contributing to free and open-source software projects.

Robert notes that everyone is invited to join the kickoff meetings

Robert - difference between "important" (creates a lot of value) and "beginner friendly" (easy to implement)
