edit-this-documentation.md, before:

# Edit this Documentation

Go to the section and theme you want to change: On the left navigator.

Click **Edit on GitHub** on the right.

On the **Issue** tab you’ll find the open issues. Read what need to be done by clicking on the issue you like to fix.

By going backwards in the browser **\(!\)**, again go to the **Code** tab.

Click on the **edit pencil** on the right side directly above the text to edit this file on your fork of Human Connection \(HC\).

You can see a preview of your changes by clicking the **Preview changes** tab aside the **Edit file** tab.

If you are ready, fill in the **Propose file change** at the end of the webpage.

After that you have to send your change to the HC basis with a pull request. Here make a comment which issue you have fixed. At least the number.

## Markdown your documentation

To design your documentation see the syntax description at GitBook:

[https://toolchain.gitbook.com/syntax/markdown.html](https://toolchain.gitbook.com/syntax/markdown.html)

### Some quick Examples

#### Headlines

```text
# Main headline
## Smaller headlines
### Small headlines
```

#### Tabs

```text
{% tabs %}
{% tab title="XXX" %}
XXX
{% endtab %}
{% tab title="XXX" %}
XXX
{% endtab %}
…
{% endtabs %}
```

#### Commands

```text
```LANGUAGE (for text highlighting)
XXX
```

```text
#### Links

```text
[https://XXX](XXX)
```

#### Screenshots or other Images

```text
![XXX](https://XXX)
```

#### Hints for ToDos

```text
{% hint style="info" %} TODO: XXX {% endhint %}
```

## Host the screenshots

### Host on Human Connection

{% hint style="info" %}
TODO: How to host on Human Connection \(GitHub\) ...
{% endhint %}

### Quick Solution

To quickly host the screenshots go to:

[https://imgur.com](https://imgur.com).

There click the green button **New post**.

Drag the image into the appropriate area.

Right click on it and choose kind of **Open link in new tab**.

Copy the URL and paste it were you need it.

## Screenshot modification

### Add an arrow or some other marking stuff

{% tabs %}
{% tab title="macOS" %}
#### In the Preview App

Got to: **Menu** + **Tools** \(GER: Werkzeuge\) + **Annotate** \(GER: Anmerkungen\) + etc.
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="Windows" %}
{% hint style="info" %}
TODO: How to modify screenshots in Windows ...
{% endhint %}
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="Linux" %}
{% hint style="info" %}
TODO: How to modify screenshots in Linux ...
{% endhint %}
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

Commit message:

update instructions to edit docs

edit-this-documentation.md, after:

# Edit this Documentation

Find the [**table of contents** for this documentation on GitHub](https://github.com/Human-Connection/Human-Connection/blob/master/SUMMARY.md) and navigate to the file you need to update.

Click on the **edit pencil** on the right side directly above the text to edit this file on your fork of Human Connection \(HC\).

You can see a preview of your changes by clicking the **Preview changes** tab aside the **Edit file** tab.

If you are ready, fill in the **Propose file change** at the end of the webpage.

After that you have to send your change to the HC basis with a pull request. Here make a comment which issue you have fixed. (If you are working on one of our [open issues](https://github.com/Human-Connection/Human-Connection/issues) please include the number.)

## Markdown your documentation

To design your documentation see the syntax description at GitBook:

[https://toolchain.gitbook.com/syntax/markdown.html](https://toolchain.gitbook.com/syntax/markdown.html)

### Some quick Examples

#### Headlines

```text
# Main headline
## Smaller headlines
### Small headlines
```

#### Tabs

```text
{% tabs %}
{% tab title="XXX" %}
XXX
{% endtab %}
{% tab title="XXX" %}
XXX
{% endtab %}
…
{% endtabs %}
```

#### Commands

```text
```LANGUAGE (for text highlighting)
XXX
```

```text
#### Links

```text
[https://XXX](XXX)
```

#### Screenshots or other Images

```text
![XXX](https://XXX)
```

#### Hints for ToDos

```text
{% hint style="info" %} TODO: XXX {% endhint %}
```

## Host the screenshots

### Host on Human Connection

{% hint style="info" %}
TODO: How to host on Human Connection \(GitHub\) ...
{% endhint %}

### Quick Solution

To quickly host the screenshots go to:

[https://imgur.com](https://imgur.com).

There click the green button **New post**.

Drag the image into the appropriate area.

Right click on it and choose kind of **Open link in new tab**.

Copy the URL and paste it were you need it.

## Screenshot modification

### Add an arrow or some other marking stuff

{% tabs %}
{% tab title="macOS" %}
#### In the Preview App

Got to: **Menu** + **Tools** \(GER: Werkzeuge\) + **Annotate** \(GER: Anmerkungen\) + etc.
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="Windows" %}
{% hint style="info" %}
TODO: How to modify screenshots in Windows ...
{% endhint %}
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="Linux" %}
{% hint style="info" %}
TODO: How to modify screenshots in Linux ...
{% endhint %}
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}
